{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red220\green161\blue13;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c89412\c68627\c3922;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh13540\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Moon Character Descriptions\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Snorkmaiden\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 An excitable dreamer\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Snorkmaiden is a creative and excitable dreamer whose imagination comes in handy on adventures. She is very resourceful and quick-thinking, which often leads to her saving the day in style with a unique and ingenious solution. For example, she once rescued {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.moomin.com/en/characters/moomintroll/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Moomintroll}} from a deep-sea octopus with nothing other than a ruby looking-glass. She enjoys acting out stories about beautiful maidens and brave heroes \'96 with herself and Moomintroll in the leading roles, of course.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \'93I\'92ll have to calm down a bit. Or else I\'92ll burst with happiness.\'94 
\f1\i0 (Moominsummer Madness, 1954)\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.moomin.com/en/characters/snorkmaiden/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://www.moomin.com/en/characters/snorkmaiden/}}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Moomintroll\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 A brave and loyal friend\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Moomintroll is kind, caring and curious, a great lover of nature and a true friend. His life is full of excitement and adventure, thanks to his daring companions and the tolerant \'96 and somewhat eccentric \'96 Moominmamma and Moominpappa. Although he can be a sensitive character, anxious not to offend and susceptible to being teased (especially by Little My\'85), Moomintroll is bold and courageous whenever it is required of him. He is inclined to look for the positives in any situation and to embrace every experience that presents itself, making him a lot of fun to spend time with!\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \'93Isn\'92t life exciting! Everything can change all of a sudden, and for no reason at all!\'94
\f1\i0  Moomintroll, in the book Moominpappa at Sea, 1965\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.moomin.com/en/characters/moomintroll/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://www.moomin.com/en/characters/moomintroll/}}\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Snufkin\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 The wise adventurer\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Snufkin is a philosopher and a wanderer who enjoys the simple things in life \'96 fishing, playing his harmonica and walking alone at night. A free spirit with no interest in owning things, Snufkin enjoys challenging authority figures such as park keepers. He greatly values his independence, but returns to Moominvalley every spring to spend time with his good friend Moomintroll. Snufkin is widely admired for his quiet confidence and self-belief, especially by the smaller and more timid residents of Moominvalley.\
Learn more about him {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.moomin.com/en/blog/snufkin-the-wise-adventurer/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 here}}.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \'91It\'92s the right evening for a tune, Snufkin thought. A new tune, one part expectation, two parts spring sadness, and for the rest, just the great delight of walking alone and liking it.\'92
\f1\i0  (Tales from Moominvalley, 1962 )\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.moomin.com/en/characters/snufkin/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://www.moomin.com/en/characters/snufkin/}}\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Little My\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 Small but fierce\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Little My is fiery and independent \'96 a tiny character with an enormous personality! Known for her sharp tongue, quick temper and mischievous nature, she seems to thrive in dangerous situations and sometimes takes pleasure in the small misfortunes that befall others. But still, she is loyal, protective, and an honest friend, and her bravery makes her a good person to have around in a crisis. Little My lives with the Moomins in the Moominhouse.\
\'93I don\'92t care a fig for other people\'92s secrets. And I certainly don\'92t broadcast them all over the place. Anyway, they all come out sooner or later.\'94 (
\f2\i Moominpappa at Sea
\f1\i0 , 1965)\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.moomin.com/en/characters/little-my/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://www.moomin.com/en/characters/little-my/}}}